---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-14T04:14:30.406Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-14T04:14:24.806Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-19-f29306f5-e354-4e42-b544-fe56f1ed7dca.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: f29306f5-e354-4e42-b544-fe56f1ed7dca/index.html
_type: Article

---
## 100SuperHumans   

## Business Plan

1) Business Name:  100SuperHumans 

100SuperHumans provides bilingual

-teaching

- coaching

- therapy

- counseling 

from the ranks of its students.

100SuperHumans will gain enough private students to be self sufficient.

100SuperHumans will also develop its own certificate courses.

100SuperHumans will offer a wide variety of services.

-Online classes and courses

-Events

-Teaching

-Coaching 1 : 1 and 1 : group

-Therapy 1 : 1 and 1 : group

-Counseling 1 : 1 and 1 : group

100SuperHumans will provide amazing services that are professional, considerate, and inspiring to customers, hoping to encourage them to become more international and globally competitive.

100SuperHumans will provide quality bilingual therapy for customers at a very affordable cost.

100SuperHumans will create coaching using a combination of open source; licensed; as well as its own original content.

100SuperHumans will be able to provide quality bilingual counseling and therapy within the target market.

100SuperHumans can provide these services from the comfort of the customer's homes through its online platform, and later by developing a physical service facility.

As 100SuperHumans drives traffic to the site more advertisers can use the site as a way to promote the products that they sell.

100SuperHumans can sell advertising space and products placement for companies that are.........